author a team charter (#185)
rust-lang/rust-project-goals: src/admin/team.md

# Goals team

The Rust goals program is administered by the Goals team. 
This document serves as the team charter.

## Mission

Our mission is to focus the Rust programming language efforts by running and administering an inclusive and dynamic goals program. We work with the project teams to identify the highest priority items and to make sure that the teams are budgeting adequate time and resources to ensure those items are successful. For new contributors who have an idea they'd like to pursue, we work to provide a welcoming "front door" to Rust, connecting their proposal to the maintainers whose support will be needed to make it reality. For existing maintainers, we help them to document the work they are doing and to find new contributors.

## Role and duties of team members

Team members perform some subset of the following roles:

* Attending short sync meetings.
* When preparing a new goal slate:
    * Advertising the goal program to teams and soliciting participation
    * Reviewing incoming goal proposals for quality and accuracy

>     * Seeking feedback on behalf of oursiders' goals
>     * Authoring the RFC and hounding team leads to check their boxers
>     * Deciding which goals to propose as flaghship goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Seeking feedback on behalf of outsiders' goals
    * Authoring the RFC and hounding team leads to check their boxes
    * Deciding which goals to propose as flagship goals.
```

* During the year:
    * Authoring round-up blog posts highlighting progress
    * Updating and maintaining the web-site

>     * Checking in with the maintainers of goals that are not reporting progress to see if they need help

Reviewer: This here should be "owners", right?

```suggestion
    * Checking in with the owners of goals that are not reporting progress to see if they need help
```
